Register and document scheduler.alpha.kubernetes.io/defaultTolerations annotation (#34260)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

[tracking the Job status using finalizers](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#job-tracking-with-finalizers).
You should **not** manually add or remove this annotation.

### scheduler.alpha.kubernetes.io/defaultTolerations {#scheduleralphakubernetesio-defaulttolerations}

Example: `scheduler.alpha.kubernetes.io/defaultTolerations: '[{"operator": "Equal", "value": "value1", "effect": "NoSchedule", "key": "dedicated-node"}]'`

Used on: Namespace

> This annotation requires the [PodTolerationRestriction](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#podtolerationrestriction) admission  controller to be enabled. This annotation key allows assigning tolerations to a namespace and any new pods created in this namespace would get this toleration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This annotation requires the [PodTolerationRestriction](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#podtolerationrestriction) admission controller to be enabled. This annotation key allows assigning tolerations to a namespace and any new pods created in this namespace would get these tolerations added.
```

Author: This does look better

> This annotation requires the [PodTolerationRestriction](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#podtolerationrestriction) admission controller to be enabled. This annotation key allows assigning tolerations to a namespace and any new pods created in this namespace would get these tolerations added.

Reviewer 2: What format is the value of the annotation? For example, is it TOML? (I know it's not, I'm just using that as an example).

Reviewer 3: Appears to be JSON

Reviewer 2: Let's document the format. I agree that it looks like JSON.

Reviewer: yes, it's a JSON serialization matching the Pod `spec.tolerations` format (array of Toleration items - https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.19/#toleration-v1-core)

Reviewer 2: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/pod-v1/#scheduling has a reference for this too.
